You can't really be in love with him, can you?
How is that possible?
I just feel sorry for him.
Don't be fooled by his appearance
My dad died under his youthful exterior
Oh, I see.
I will accelerate my youth
Xiaoya, let's get married
Hmm, don't make trouble
I'm serious.
It doesn't matter that I'm divorced
I also have a 5-year-old daughter
I know. I don't mind.
The person I love is you
I will be nice to Xiaonuo
We will be happy together
Really?
Hello, I would like to ask
What did that man do just now?
him
He is the most famous private investigator in our port city
Don't you know that?
Private detective, yeah.
As long as he makes a move
There are no cases under investigation that cannot be completed.
Evidence of my husband's affair
He found it for me.